chore: Update README with the latest versions (#399) (CP: 13.0) (#405)
vaadin/cdi: README.md

> This branch is compatible with upcoming Vaadin platform versions. See other branches for other Vaadin versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This branch is Vaadin 22 (Flow 9.0) compatible. See other branches for other Vaadin versions:
```
